---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onepassword_item Ephemeral Resource - onepassword"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this to retrieve item values without storing them in Terraform state. Useful for providing sensitive values to write-only arguments or other ephemeral contexts.
---

# onepassword_item (Ephemeral Resource)

Use this to retrieve item values without storing them in Terraform state. Useful for providing sensitive values to write-only arguments or other ephemeral contexts.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example using ephemeral resource to retrieve item values
ephemeral "onepassword_item" "example" {
  vault = "your-vault-id"
  title = "your-item-title"
}

# Example using UUID instead of title
ephemeral "onepassword_item" "example_by_uuid" {
  vault = "your-vault-id"
  uuid  = "your-item-uuid"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vault` (String) The UUID of the vault the item is in.

### Optional

- `section_map` (Attributes Map) A map of custom sections in an item, keyed by section label. This allows direct lookup of sections and their fields by label. Cannot be used together with `section`. Use either `section` (list) or `section_map` (map), but not both. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--section_map))
- `title` (String) The title of the item to retrieve. This field will be populated with the title of the item if the item it looked up by its UUID.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the item to retrieve. This field will be populated with the UUID of the item if the item it looked up by its title.

### Read-Only

- `category` (String) The category of the item. One of ["login" "password" "database" "secure_note" "document" "ssh_key" "api_credential"]
- `credential` (String, Sensitive) (Only applies to the API credential category) API credential for this item.
- `database` (String) (Only applies to the database category) The name of the database.
- `file` (Attributes List) A list of files attached to the document item. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file))
- `filename` (String) (Only applies to the API credential category) The filename associated with the API credential.
- `hostname` (String) (Only applies to the database category) The address where the database can be found
- `id` (String) The Terraform resource identifier for this item in the format `vaults/<vault_id>/items/<item_id>`.
- `note_value` (String, Sensitive) Secure Note value.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for this item.
- `port` (String) (Only applies to the database category) The port the database is listening on.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) SSH Private Key in PKCS#8 for this item.
- `private_key_openssh` (String, Sensitive) SSH Private key in OpenSSH format.
- `public_key` (String) SSH Public Key for this item.
- `section` (Attributes List) A list of custom sections in an item. Cannot be used together with `section_map`. Use either `section` (list) or `section_map` (map), but not both. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--section))
- `tags` (List of String) An array of strings of the tags assigned to the item.
- `type` (String) (Only applies to database and API credential categories) The type of database or API Credential.
- `url` (String) The primary URL for the item.
- `username` (String) Username for this item.
- `valid_from` (String) (Only applies to the API credential category) The timestamp from which the API credential is valid.

<a id="nestedatt--section_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `section_map`

Optional:

- `field_map` (Attributes Map) A map of custom fields in the section, keyed by field label. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--section_map--field_map))
- `file_map` (Attributes Map) A map of files attached to the section, keyed by file label. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--section_map--file_map))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) A unique identifier for the section.

<a id="nestedatt--section_map--field_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `section_map.field_map`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) A unique identifier for the field.
- `type` (String) The type of value stored in the field. One of ["STRING" "CONCEALED" "EMAIL" "URL" "OTP" "DATE" "MONTH_YEAR" "MENU"]
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The value of the field.


<a id="nestedatt--section_map--file_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `section_map.file_map`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String, Sensitive) The content of the file.
- `content_base64` (String, Sensitive) The content of the file in base64 encoding. (Use this for binary files.)
- `id` (String) The UUID of the file.



<a id="nestedatt--file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String, Sensitive) The content of the file.
- `content_base64` (String, Sensitive) The content of the file in base64 encoding. (Use this for binary files.)
- `id` (String) The UUID of the file.
- `name` (String) The name of the file.


<a id="nestedatt--section"></a>
### Nested Schema for `section`

Read-Only:

- `field` (Attributes List) A list of custom fields in the section (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--section--field))
- `file` (Attributes List) A list of files attached to the section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--section--file))
- `id` (String) A unique identifier for the section.
- `label` (String) The label for the section.

<a id="nestedatt--section--field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `section.field`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) A unique identifier for the field.
- `label` (String) The label for the field.
- `type` (String) The type of value stored in the field. One of ["STRING" "CONCEALED" "EMAIL" "URL" "OTP" "DATE" "MONTH_YEAR" "MENU"]
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The value of the field.


<a id="nestedatt--section--file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `section.file`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String, Sensitive) The content of the file.
- `content_base64` (String, Sensitive) The content of the file in base64 encoding. (Use this for binary files.)
- `id` (String) The UUID of the file.
- `name` (String) The name of the file.
